# CHANDIGARH-UNIVERSITY---ASSIGNMENT---WEEK-2
About the Contest: Organizer: Chandigarh University CodeChef has collaborated with Chandigarh University for an integrated learning program on algorithms, data structures, and problem-solving This is Week 2 - Assignment Problem Set Timing Details: Start time: 2022-03-14 12:00:00 End time: 2022-03-21 12:00:00 Duration: 7 Days ( 1 Week ) Eligibility Criteria:  This is an integrated learning program specifically for your college. Only students of your college whose data is shared with CodeChef can access these problems. Any student with a basic knowledge of any one programming language can solve problems.  Rules and Regulations: Please do not discuss strategy, suggestions, or tips in the comments during a live contest.  Discussing CodeChef's problems or any aspect of the problem, on any other platform on the web, on identification, could lead to disabling of respective accounts and banning from the community. All languages supported on CodeChef are allowed. Each program will be tested based on our critical test data. However, output and input should be exactly as specified in the samples provided Please contact your faculty for any queries during the contest. All students are expected to abide by the CodeChef Code Of Conduct. Judging Criteria: All the problems have the same points allotted to them. Students are ranked according to the most problems solved. You can submit solutions as many times as you'd like, there are no penalties for incorrect submissions. Only your first correct submission will be considered. The total time is the sum of the time consumed for each problem solved. The decision of the college in declaring the results will be final. No queries in this regard will be entertained. Any student found to be indulging in any form of malpractice will be immediately disqualified.
